Don't you know who your sister-in-law is?
My sister-in-law
Why are you back?
Come back for your birthday?
You still kill me
You curse people indiscriminately
Did I scold you wrong?
And I haven't seen you gain knowledge in recent years
This scolding has taken a lot of time
Brother, am I wrong?
I'm also afraid that you will be deceived by your bad daughter.
Then if you are worried, I can curse people casually.
Is the person next to me yours?
Father sister
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scold you just now.
Can you forgive me?
I know you didn't mean to scold me either.
It doesn't matter.
You are so kind
You will be my friend from now on
Is the girl a little too enthusiastic?
Beijing brother
Long time no see brother Beitian
I miss you so much!
Who are you?
Why think
This way of rejecting the opposite sex
It's so simple and rude
Brother Beijing, don't you remember me?
brother
He is Xixi, you even hugged him when you were a child
If that woman hadn't suddenly appeared
Maybe.
He will become your wife
Who told you that?
You will talk nonsense about this in the future.
I take care of your actor, I'm fine
Don't think I'm arguing with Brother Beiting
Really, take your friend away
In the future, don't go home to outsiders, just leave